
Info File: (which you are deemed to have read and understood 8-) )
           /*And pay attention - we may be asking questions later */

  This is conf3000 the new version of the well-loved conferencing system. It
has been in use for quite a while.  Most bugs that have been found have been
solved, programmed round, fudged or taken off-line.  However if you do (by a
freak of nature or extreme bad-luck) discover a bug or just think of how 
something could be done better please mail Prophet (sw2) or Sinj (dad2). 
Ta v. mucho.

  Conf3000 takes up very little file space and uses a negligeble amount of CPU
time when running. The idea is for this to be a logical extention of the write
command. It just allows more users to talk at once. It's especially handy for
those Computer Science Department group projects. :-)

  The idea is that channel 0 is a public channel. Whenever someone logs on or
moves to this channel from another then the last 10 messages are shown. This
is not the case on channels 1-99. Each of these can be locked for privacy.
Some channels are now invite-only, which means that only certain people can
go straight on to these channels, if your not on the invite list you will
need to be invited on (via .* ) by a person already on that channel.

  All system messages start with a '*' this is to distinguish them from
'fake' system messages that users try to do with atmospheres.

  The '.r' request works for Sequent usernames and known chatnames.

  Support files: 

	 ~dad2/Alphaks/onchat  -  tells you who's on.
	 ~is2/a.out [-n]       -  monitors chat for you [noise]
  	 ~dad2/Alphaks/thumb   -  get the low down on a user
	 ~dad2/Alpaks/us [-gu] -  chatname userlist
	 (also check out the rest of the stuff in ~dad2/Alphaks)


  To get those flashy login and logout messages read the info about it in
~dad2/Alphaks/alt

  There is a flag set to allow this feature and can be reset so please don't
put control characters in the messages. Also the chatIO messages should be
explicit. ie. whether it's a log on or a log off. At the risk of sounding like
the CC if ya don't we'll reset that particular flag.

 If you are a 'registered' user (and it doesn't cost 10 pounds and is in
Bradford and runs off with your money) ie. have a chatname, can save '.a'
aliases etc, then if you put a yellow pages entry in a file called .ypIO in
your top level directory with read rights to everybody Bob's ya uncle.
 Put a bit of info about yourself in it, so we can all get to know yer better. 

  The program should take care of all crashes apart from itself. If you crash
the program and it hasn't registered the crash yet you can reconnect simply by
running the program again. You will be connected exactly as found. Same channel
and status. It will even deal with a sequent crash, honest guv.

  There's a timeout feature which will throw a user off after a considerable
period of inactivity (after singing Stairway To Heaven live).

 Anyone sending a nice channel description to Sinjy can have their on channel,
with an invite list, if you wish.  When mailing the descriptions don't forget
to include the channels title (for .&), the prefered channel number and also
your age and telephone number (incase you win the Blue Peter prize for best
channel) 8-)

 And BTW, you can now press 'q' at any [Strike A Key ...] message if your
bored with reading all the information. 
